ceph: add namespace meta-comments to manifests (#6809)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-quickstart.md

   2. Flex driver: The flex driver is deprecated in favor of the CSI driver, but can still be enabled with the `ROOK_ENABLE_FLEX_DRIVER` setting.
   3. Node affinity and tolerations: The CSI driver by default will run on any node in the cluster. To configure the CSI driver affinity, several settings are available.

## Deploying to other namespaces

> If you wish to deploy the Rook Operator and/or Ceph clusters to alternate namespaces, the manifests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to deploy the Rook Operator and/or Ceph clusters to a namespace other than the default `rook-ceph`, the manifests
```

are commented to allow for easy `sed` replacements. Change `ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE` to tailor the

> manifests for an additional Ceph cluster. You can choose to also change `ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manifests for additional Ceph cluster(s). You can choose to also change `ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE` to
```

> create a new Rook Operator for each Ceph cluster, or you can leave it at the same value for every

Reviewer: If they are going to have one operator per cluster, they will also need to set [ROOK_CURRENT_NAMESPACE_ONLY: true](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/operator.yaml#L301). To be clear that this is a separate option, perhaps a separate paragraph?

configured to your liking.

```sh
cd cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph

export ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE="rook-ceph"
export ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE="rook-ceph"

sed -i.bak \
    -e "s/\(.*\):.*# namespace:operator/\1: $ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE # namespace:operator/g" \
    -e "s/\(.*\):.*# namespace:cluster/\1: $ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE # namespace:cluster/g" \
    -e "s/\(.*serviceaccount\):.*:\(.*\) # serviceaccount:namespace:operator/\1:$ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE:\2 # serviceaccount:namespace:operator/g" \
    -e "s/\(.*serviceaccount\):.*:\(.*\) # serviceaccount:namespace:cluster/\1:$ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE:\2 # serviceaccount:namespace:cluster/g" \
    -e "s/\(.*\): [-_A-Za-z0-9]*\.\(.*\) # driver:namespace:operator/\1: $ROOK_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE.\2 # driver:namespace:operator/g" \
    -e "s/\(.*\): [-_A-Za-z0-9]*\.\(.*\) # driver:namespace:cluster/\1: $ROOK_CLUSTER_NAMESPACE.\2 # driver:namespace:cluster/g" \
  common.yaml operator.yaml cluster.yaml # add other files or change these as desired for your config

kubectl apply -f common.yaml -f operator.yaml -f cluster.yaml # add other files as desired for your config
```

> 

Author: What do you think of this @travisn ?

Reviewer: Per separate discussion, I'd recommend this move to the advanced config help doc.
